docs: add `docs/reference` shortcode guidance (#282)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/shortcodes/index.md

{{</* section withDescriptions="true"*/>}}
```

## `docs/reference` shortcode

The `docs/reference` shortcode offers more flexible linking than the Hugo built-in `relref` shortcode.

Use this code when content from one repository is published to more than one documentation set, because it lets you specify appropriate links for each doc set in one part of the file (usually at end of the file, like a footer) while using the link label in the body text.

For example, a page in versioned Grafana documentation is also mounted in the Grafana Cloud documentation.
The page in Grafana should link to the Grafana dashboards page but the page in Grafana Cloud should link to the Grafana Cloud dashboards page.

> Set the reference at the end of the document as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
Set the reference at the end of the page as follows:
```

```markdown
{{%/* docs/reference */%}}
[dashboards]: "/docs/grafana/ -> /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA VERSION>/dashboards"
[dashboards]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana-cloud/dashboards"
{{%/* /docs/reference */%}}
```

The content within the shortcode tags is as follows:

> - `label` - The label for the shortcode. This is the text that you'll use in the body text. In the example above, the label is `dashboards`. The label can be multiple words (for example, [dashboard docs]) and can include spaces.

Author: Suggestion from @JStickler on closed #271. I like it, but want to make sure you're good with it @jdbaldry. 

```suggestion
- `label` - The name for this shortcode. This is the text you will use when you insert this specific `doc/reference` in your content. In the example above, the label is `dashboards`. The label can be multiple words (for example, [dashboard docs]) and can include spaces.
```

Reviewer: I think "The name for this shortcode" confuses some terminology. The name of the shortcode is `docs/reference`. The label is a label for the link.

Author: @JStickler and @jdbaldry - what about (note, I've used the contraction of "you will" per our style guide):
```suggestion
- `label` - The link label for this shortcode. This is the text you'll use when you insert this specific `doc/reference` in your content. In the example above, the label is `dashboards`. The label can be multiple words (for example, [dashboard docs]) and can include spaces.
```

Reviewer: I'm happy with that. It's technically accurate.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, my suggestion wasn't 100% clear that that I meant that "label" = "text you use to identify this **instance** of the shortcode".  Maybe insert the word "instance" into your revision Isabel?

Author: That *might* not work, but I could be wrong. Could you have more than one label set up in your reference @jdbaldry? I think so, based on other examples we looked at. It probably wouldn't be our use case, but I just want to make sure I'm not adding language that could be a problem later.

Reviewer: Sorry, I think I misread your suggestion the first time around.

```suggestion
- `label` - A label associated with one or more reference-style links in the file. 
  In the example above, the label is `dashboards`. The label can be multiple words (for example, `[dashboard docs]`) and can include spaces.`
```

Author: I think this language is less clear and direct and using "a" instead of "the" makes it less consistent with the other two descriptions. Suggest:
```suggestion
- `label` - The label you'll use in the reference-style links in the file. In the example above, the label is `dashboards`. The label can be multiple words (for example, [dashboard docs]) and can include spaces.
```

Reviewer: LGTM

Reviewer 2: LGTM too

> - `project path prefix` - Designates the destination project. In the example above, the path prefixes are `/docs/grafana/` for Grafana and `/docs/grafana-cloud/` for Cloud.

Author: @JStickler - you left the following question on the previous version of this PR:

> Are these paths in the `website` repo? If yes, it would be helpful to document that.

The Cloud project is in the `website` repo, but the Grafana one isn't. Not sure if that changes your thoughts here.

Reviewer: We do note that Grafana Cloud documentation is maintained in the website repository in https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/contribute-documentation/#:~:text=For%20Grafana%20Cloud%20documentation%2C%20most%20content%20is%20managed%20in%20the%20website%20repository.%20Some%20content%20is%20sourced%20from%20other%20projects%2C%20listed%20below%3A.

It also mentions which parts come from OSS docs. I'll make a note to update that list after the reorganization is complete.

Author: TBH, I think the repo/project matching is a beyond the scope of this PR.

> - `project path prefix` - Designates the destination project. In the example above, the path prefixes are `/docs/grafana/` for Grafana and `/docs/grafana-cloud/` for Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
- `project path prefix` - Designates the target project. In the example above, the path prefixes are `/docs/grafana/` for Grafana and `/docs/grafana-cloud/` for Cloud.
```

> - `reference` - The path to the file. It can include `<SOMETHING VERSION>`, which is either taken from front matter of (which file) or falls back to being inferred from the version of the page. This enables the use of absolute paths that resolve correctly, irrespective of version. When including a version, for the target project, use the name of the project, with spaces but no hyphens or underscores, all upper-cased (for example, grafana = GRAFANA, grafana-cloud = GRAFANA CLOUD).

Reviewer 2: Is (which file) supposed to be in there?  Seems like an unanswered question?

Reviewer 2: Also you use "destination project" at line 178 and "target project" at line 179.  I think these are the same thing and should have consistent terminology.  Or was the different terminology on purpose?

> - `reference` - The path to the file. It can include `<SOMETHING VERSION>`, which is either taken from front matter of (which file) or falls back to being inferred from the version of the page. This enables the use of absolute paths that resolve correctly, irrespective of version. When including a version, for the target project, use the name of the project, with spaces but no hyphens or underscores, all upper-cased (for example, grafana = GRAFANA, grafana-cloud = GRAFANA CLOUD).

Author: ```suggestion
- `reference` - The path to the destination file. It can include `<SOMETHING VERSION>`, which is either taken from front matter of (which file) or falls back to being inferred from the version of the page. This enables the use of absolute paths that resolve correctly, irrespective of version. When including a version, for the target project, use the name of the project, with spaces but no hyphens or underscores, all upper-cased (for example, grafana = GRAFANA, grafana-cloud = GRAFANA CLOUD).
```

Then add the link in the body of the file in the following format:

```markdown
For more information about Grafana dashboards, refer to the [Dashboards documentation][dashboards].
```

- If the page you're on is `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/`, the inferred version is `latest`, and the returned reference is `/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards`.
- If the page you're on is `/docs/grafana/next/alerting/`, the inferred version is `next`, and the returned reference is `/docs/grafana/next/dashboards`.

> You can override version inference using front matter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can override version inference by including additional metadata in the front matter of the file.
```
